Asparagus has a mild and nice taste and is good as an accessory, as well as a vegetable dishes by itself. Asparagus can be eaten raw, but is usually cooked by boiling in lightly salted water, or grilled. Fresh asparagus is recognized on the stiffness of the stalk, and is preferably stored in refrigerator temperature. The shelf life is maximum one week in the refrigerator, or a couple of days in room temperature.
Aubergine, or eggplant as it is also called, is usually dark violet. It has a shiny peel and is 15-20 cm long. The pulp is white. Aubergine is always eaten cooked. In addition to Moussaka, Aubergine fits well in pots and gratins.
An extra large tomato suitable for well for hamburgers and on the grill or in the oven.
The forest mushroom is also called chestnut mushroom, and is a brown mushroom with a fuller flavor than the white mushrooms. It can be eaten raw in for example salads, but are also good to boil, pan-fry or fry.
White cabbage can be used as a raw food, but it also fits well in for example cabbage rolls, cabbage pudding, cabbage soup, etc.
The orange red color of the carrot comes from the high content of beta carotene, which in the body is converted into vitamin A. Tastefully, carrot is sweet, with a crunchy texture. Carrots can be eaten raw, and are also used in pots, gratins, soups and wok.
Fresh cucumber. Fits well in the salad or on the sandwich.
Floury potatoes. Extra good for mashed potatoes and to press.
Garlic has unique flavor and smell, and is a good flavoring in pasta dishes, pots, mixes, etc.
Ginger is a herb with a characteristically sharp taste. It is used for flavoring and accessories, especially in Asian cuisine. Vegetables and curries, rice, pickles, meat and fish are good for flavoring with ginger. The rich aroma also fits well with cookies, biscuits, marmalades and sweet desserts.
There are a variety of colors of peppers. The most common ones are green, yellow, orange, red and white. The paprika always starts as green, but then shifts color when the it becomes more ripe. A green pepper is an unripe and hence a little firmer than the other ones, making it suitable for warm dishes, for example chili con carne, pies, gratin and various pots.
Leek has a slightly milder onion flavor and is preferably used for soups and pots, but can also be finely shredded into a salad. It is mainly the white part that is used, although it is fine to eat the green leaves.
The orange pepper is sweeter than the green. It also contains more vitamins and antioxidants than the green. Peppers are good to eat raw in salads and as garnish, but are also good to fry, stew or gratinate, for example with filling. Paprika also fits well in pots, gratins and pies.
Red beets has an earthy and sweet taste and is often eaten on the side, either cooked or preserved, for example, to pölsa, pyttipanna or steak Lindström. It is also common to make Borstj, red beet soup, but the beet can also be shredded as raw food. Red beets are slightly sensitive to heat, frostbites and dehydration and should therefore be kept cool.
The red peppers are much sweeter than the green ones. It also contains more vitamins and antioxidants than the green. Peppers are good to eat raw in salads and as garnish, but are also good to fry, stew or gratinate, for example. with filling. Paprika also fits well in pots, gratins and pies.
Round and fine tomatoes from Sweden. Rinse and have in the salad or on the sandwich.
Solid potatoes. A good allround potato that fits well most of the time.
Sweet potatoes are oblong, irregularly shaped tubers, often slightly larger than regular potatoes. The peel is light brown or red. There are two varieties, one with light pulp and one with yellow orange pulp. Sweet potatoes are used like regular potatoes, but the taste is very different. The sweet potato is very sweet and a bit softer than regular potatoes. It can also be used in desserts, pies and cakes.
Round tomatoes with vines in the package. Rinse and have in the salad or on the sandwich.
The yellow pepper is much sweeter than the green. It also contains more vitamins and antioxidants than the green. Peppers are good to eat raw in salads and as garnish, but are also good to fry, stew or gratinate, for example with filling. Paprika also fits well in pots, gratins and pies.
Yellow onion is a good flavoring. Fits well both cold and hot in cooking.
Zucchini can be eaten raw, but is usually used in soups, pots, stews, etc.